    Point of Sale (POS) Transaction:
        Transaction Date (Date/Time)
        Transaction ID (Auto-number)
        Customer (Lookup to the Customer object)
        Total Amount (Currency)
        Payment Method (Picklist)
        Payment Status (Picklist: Paid, Pending, Refunded, etc.)
        Notes (Text Area)

    Product/Item:
        Product Name (Text)
        SKU (Text)
        Price (Currency)
        Category (Picklist)
        Quantity in Stock (Number)
        Reorder Level (Number)
        Supplier (Lookup to a Supplier object, if applicable)
        Description (Text Area)

    Customer:
        First Name (Text)
        Last Name (Text)
        Email (Email)
        Phone (Phone)
        Address (Text Area)
        Loyalty Points (Number)
        Loyalty Tier (Picklist: Bronze, Silver, Gold, etc.)
        Last Purchase Date (Date/Time)
        Total Purchases (Currency)

    Inventory:
        Product (Lookup to the Product/Item object)
        Quantity in Stock (Number)
        Last Updated Date (Date/Time)
        Location (Text)
        Cost Price (Currency)

    Payment Method:
        Payment Method Name (Text)
        Description (Text Area)

    Loyalty Program:
        Loyalty Program Name (Text)
        Points Required for Redemption (Number)
        Reward Description (Text Area)

    Sales Rep/User:
        User Name (Text)
        Contact Number (Phone)
        Email (Email)
        Sales Target (Currency)
        Total Sales (Currency)

    Discounts/Coupons:
        Discount Name (Text)
        Discount Type (Picklist: Percentage, Fixed Amount, etc.)
        Amount (Currency)
        Valid From (Date)
        Valid To (Date)
        Applicable Products (Multi-select Picklist)

    POS Settings/Configuration:
        Tax Rate (Percentage)
        Currency (Picklist)
        Receipt Format (Text Area)
        Default Payment Method (Picklist)
        Receipt Footer Message (Text Area)

    Sales Analytics:
        Date (Date)
        Total Sales (Currency)
        Number of Transactions (Number)
        Top Selling Product (Lookup to the Product/Item object)
        Customer Insights (Text Area)
		
	Supplier:
        Supplier Name: Text field to store the name of the supplier.
		
        Contact Name: Text field to store the name of the primary contact person at the supplier's company.
		
		Contact Email: Email field to store the email address of the primary contact person.
	
		Contact Phone: Phone field to store the contact phone number of the primary contact person.

		Supplier Address: Text area field to store the address of the supplier's location.

		Supplier Website: URL field to store the website address of the supplier (if available).

		Supplier Category: Picklist field to categorize the type of supplier (e.g., Food, Beverage, Cleaning Supplies, etc.).

		Supplier Rating: Number field or picklist to rate the supplier's performance or quality (e.g., 1-5 stars).

		Payment Terms: Text field to store the agreed-upon payment terms with the supplier (e.g., Net 30, Net 60).

		Preferred Supplier: Checkbox field to indicate if the supplier is a preferred or strategic partner.

		Active Supplier: Checkbox field to indicate if the supplier is currently active.

		Products Provided: Related list or multi-select picklist to link the supplier to the products they provide.

		Last Interaction Date: Date field to track the date of the last interaction with the supplier.

		Notes: Text area field to add any additional notes or comments about the supplier.
